description-start-line

Liked how this team turned out so just going to share it now. Went with some
basics such as VenuTran core as a starting point for the Reuniclus team you
wanted. I tested out offensive Venusaur but Weavile was annoying due to Icicle
Crashes flinch rate and strength as such I went towards a more defensive
variant. The majority of Mega Venusaur switch ins are switch ins due to their
defensive utility or offensive pressure they apply mostly through items a lot of
times. Knock Off as the coverage / utility move worked best in practice as it
deterred the Latis, Assault Vest Torn-T, while removing items from normal
defensive switch ins such as Chansey. Reuniclus is the mon you provided to have
a team built for but I wanted to try something out so went with Thunder Wave
over coverage move which in the end helped the team provide some speed control
for the teams slower members. I slashed Colbur Berry after Leftovers in case you
want an idea to paralyze Scarftar, Weavile, and Bisharps which can come in handy
mid-late game if Reuniclus maintains itself to be healthy, more so Weavile and
Ttar though SD Bisharp is still a threat. Air Balloon Heatran was the option I
chose to give myself an additional check to Zard-X which includes Earthquake
variants along with slowing down and having a better chance than I did without
the balloon against Sand Rush Excadrill. Magma Storm is slashed along side it to
help deal with Slowbro and Mega Slowbro, two annoyances for the team when
they're Calm Mind variants along with dealing with the somewhat slight Mega
Sableye problem and stall cores around it. Scarf Chomp is sort of a dark horse
relic these days with all the tank chomps around but considering the massive
threat that stuff such as Char-X, Mega Alakazam, Mega Lopunny, Volcarona, and
others are I figured this would be a better fit and cleaned up well during test
games. Band Azumarill and Azumarill in general is a pain for a lot of teams
without people realizing it, normally netting at the very least 1-2 kills per
game. Standard Defog / Recover Latios with Thunderbolt as the coverage move so
it can threaten back stuff such as Azumarill and fat waters like Slowbro
previously mentioned without resorting to SpAtk drops.

Changes include running a coverage move on Reuniclus such as Focus Blast or
Shadow Ball, prefer Shadow Ball for fat psychics like Mew and Jirachi who can be
annoying as well. Fast support Heatran can be used with HP / Speed with a set of
Lava Plume, Toxic, Taunt / Protect, Stealth Rock but makes you more weak to Zard-
X, forced into playing around it with Garchomp and Azumarill. SD Bisharp can be
annoying so just be careful around those. Enjoy.

team-start-line

Venusaur @ Venusaurite
Ability: Chlorophyll
EVs: 248 HP / 96 Def / 144 SpD / 20 Spe
Bold Nature
- Giga Drain
- Sludge Bomb
- Knock Off
- Synthesis

Reuniclus @ Leftovers / Colbur Berry
Ability: Magic Guard
EVs: 252 HP / 200 Def / 52 SpD / 4 Spe
Bold Nature
IVs: 0 Atk
- Psyshock
- Thunder Wave
- Recover
- Calm Mind

Heatran @ Air Balloon
Ability: Flash Fire
EVs: 4 Def / 252 SpA / 252 Spe
Timid Nature
IVs: 0 Atk
- Fire Blast / Magma Storm
- Earth Power
- Taunt
- Stealth Rock

Garchomp @ Choice Scarf
Ability: Rough Skin
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 SpA / 252 Spe
Naive Nature
- Outrage
- Earthquake
- Fire Blast
- Stone Edge

Azumarill @ Choice Band
Ability: Huge Power
EVs: 56 HP / 252 Atk / 200 Spe
Adamant Nature
- Play Rough
- Waterfall
- Superpower
- Aqua Jet

Latios @ Life Orb
Ability: Levitate
EVs: 252 SpA / 4 SpD / 252 Spe
Timid Nature
IVs: 29 HP / 0 Atk
- Draco Meteor
- Thunderbolt
- Recover
- Defog


